I already asked you to share a folder with me on OneDrive.  If you did
it soon enough, I will have copied Common and prog01 to this folder,
including this hw.txt file.


1. Make sure that your shared folder syncs to your hard disk.  Locate
   it in Terminal or the Command prompt.


2. Install the latest version of Chrome and the Shader Editor
   extension on your computer:

https://www.google.com/chrome/

https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/shader-editor/ggeaidddejpbakgafapihjbgdlbbbpob?hl=en


3. Visit prog01/square.html (in your synced shared course folder) in
   Chrome on your computer.  Do you see a white square?


4. Where is the color of the square determined?  Make a change to turn
   it yellow and refresh  (shift-command-R on my Mac).

   You will have to edit a file.  I use emacs, but please suggest
   other options.


5. Where is the shape of the square determined?  Change one of its
   corners.


6. The shader editor needs to interact with a web server.  To start
   the web server in open a terminal or command prompt cd to your
   course folder.  Run

python3 -m http.server

   This may require some tinkering.

   To load a homework html file in Chrome, start at the URL

localhost:8000

   then navigate to prog01/rotatingSquare3.html or prog01/square.html


7. Load rotatingSquare3.html.  Look at ChromeTools.pdf.  Do all the
   same things (but use the instructions above to get to
   rotatingSquare3.html).  Also click "Program 1" to see the shader
   editors.


8. Close the console and this tab.  Open the console in square.html.
   If you have problems, you might need to restart the browswer.

   Add a line in square.js just before the call to render():

	console.log("Hello");

   Reload.  Where is the Hello?


8. Set a breakpoint on that line and refresh.  Single step to make the
   Hello appear.  Take a screen shot.  Single step until the square
   appears and take another screen shot.

   Put all the screenshots in your prog01 folder.


9. Modify the fragment color in the shader editor.  In the console, run

	render()

   so the color changes.


10. Move the square over by adding 0.25 to the x-coordinate.  You can't
    modify vPosition because it is input data (an attribute).  You need to
    copy it into another variable first.  Call render() again.

    Take a screen shot of the recolored and displaced square and the
    editor windows.




